Hey, I want you to open your Bibles with me today to Matthew chapter 17.
Now, I know we are today concluding a series that we have been walking through the entire month of January out of Hebrews chapter 11.
We have spent all of this month looking at Hebrews chapter 11, verse by verse.
We've spent all of our time this month talking about the power of faith and the importance of faith and walking in faith and living in faith.
And so as we do this, today I want to take us to a different place.
I'm going to take us to Matthew chapter 17 in a few moments because
What we must recognize and understand is that hearing about the faith of these great patriarchs of our faith, going all the way back to, it talks about in Hebrews chapter 11, starts with Abel and then Enoch and goes on to Noah and Abraham and Isaac and Jacob and Joseph and Moses and all of the others that are listed there.
It's important to read those stories and to hear those stories and to know those stories.
But what is far more important is that we figure out how to apply those stories into our lives.
that how we can do what it talks about in 2 Corinthians 5, how we can walk by faith and not by sight.
In that passage in 2 Corinthians 5, if you begin reading for verse one, which I'm not gonna do today, but I encourage you maybe to go back and take a look at it, but in verse one of that passage, it begins talking about like all the things that we deal with, all the stresses and all the challenges and all the heartache and the heartbreak and the problems, the distresses that seem to overtake us every single day
And it talks about how we long to not be here, but to be there.
It talks about the promise of heaven.
And then in verse seven, it says those words that we walk by faith, not by sight.
You see, it's impossible for us to experience all that God has for us in this broken world, unless we are walking in faith.
Unless we are truly and fully trusting God, that God's gonna bring us through.
Now, before we get into our passage today, I do want to say to the four people who are standing on the back wall, if you're looking for a seat, there are five seats right down here in front.
You're welcome to if you'd like to.
If you want to come on down, we'll all watch you do it if you want, but it's okay.
The RC's here, so I don't want you to feel like you have to stand.
As well as over there, there's some seats down here at the front on the right as well.
But I want to start today, Hebrews, chapter 11, verses 29 and 30.
It's going to be on the screen.
I want to read this passage because, again, it kind of speaks to the importance.
Now, we're going to get to the Matthew passage in a few moments.
Before we do that, though, it says this in Hebrews, chapter 11, verses 39 and 40.
It said, all these talking about all those patron, and let's give them a hand.
They're actually doing it.
Well done.
Very cool.
Right on the front row.
There's even two bottles of water right there that have never been touched.
And I know they've not been touched because they're mine and I didn't even get over there today.
So feel free, enjoy yourself and relax, okay?
Welcome to church.
It's warm inside.
Hebrews, chapter 11, verses 39 and 40, it says, all these were approved through their faith, but they did not perceive what was promised.
Since God had provided something better for us so that they would not be made perfect
And here's the key, and in fact, in your Bibles and Hebrews 11, if you go there whenever, today, or maybe in a few moments, that you would circle the last two words that they would not be made perfect, and here's the two words that are important without us.
You see what God does in this passage in Hebrews chapter 11 where he talks about this incredible hall of faith that we see in this passage, what's a great reminder for all of us is this is that while all of these great people like Abraham and Noah and Moses and all of the others, like these incredible figures that we read about, that we talk about, that we study about, that God promises us that they will not experience any reward any greater than the words that you and I can experience.
that God has granted to us this promise of heaven, this promise of eternity with Him, and that those people as great as they were, that they will not experience anything without us.
You see, what we recognize and understand is that by walking by faith, our names may never be written in a book that is read for thousands of years.
Our names may never show up in VeggieTales videos.
Our names may never be well known in all of those circles, but here's what we know that when we walk by faith, God has promised to grant to us the same hope, the same thing that inspired those great leaders of thousands of years ago to do all of the great things that we've studied, that we've read about, that we've learned about, that God promises to give us and grant us the same.
So how is that possible?
How is that even something that we can recognize and understand how to walk by that faith?
So Matthew chapter 17,
I want to read this passage and then I just want to break it down into three quick thoughts that I think are important for us today to figure out how we could walk by faith and not by sight.
So Matthew chapter 17 beginning with verse 14.
So when they reach the crowd, and this is talking about the disciples and Jesus as they're making their way through a time and Jesus is life when he was healing and when he was doing all of incredible things and people will follow in them around.
And it says here when they reach the crowd, a man approached and knelt down before him talking about Jesus.
And verse 15, he says, Lord, I have mercy on my son because he has seizures and suffers terribly.
He often falls into the fire and often into the water.
I brought him to your disciples, but they couldn't heal him.
Jesus replied, you unbelieving in perverse generation, how long will I be with you?
How long must I put up with you?
Bring him here to me.
And then Jesus rebuked the demon and it came out of him.
And from that moment, the boy was healed.
Then the disciples, verse 19, approached Jesus privately.
In other words, after this had taken place.
And they said to him, why couldn't we drive it out?
And then Jesus answered, because of your little faith, he told them.
For truly I tell you, if you have faith the size of a mustard seed, you will tell this mountain move from here to there and it will move.
And here is a key passage again that you should underline in your Bible.
Nothing will be impossible for you.
Now, why do we spend time looking at this passage today when we talk about Hebrews 11 and we talk about faith?
Why is it that this is such an important passage for us to understand and recognize how it is that we can walk by faith and not by sight?
Well, the first thing we have to understand as it relates to walking by faith is we have to kind of understand the first point, the first point, the doubts of the faithful.
The doubts of the faithful.
And what are we talking about?
What are we speaking of here?
Well, we're speaking of the disciples.
These were 12 individuals that if you read through the Gospels, Jesus had met, he had been teaching them and guiding them and training them.
They were people who had walked away from their careers and walked away from their backgrounds, even walked away from their families and they're following after Jesus and they had seen all of the incredible things that Jesus had for them.
They had experienced all of the things that we read about in the gospels that were amazed by the healings and even those who have been raised from the dead, the disciples have seen all of this.
And so when you talk about walking by faith and not by sight, like these guys actually got to have sight.
They were able to see Jesus do the impossible.
They were able to see Jesus do what did not make sense and what people could not understand and people could not fathom.
They saw it with their own two eyes, but here's what is important to recognize that even those 12 still battled out.
And that's what Matthew chapter 17 is all about.
We read back and we don't need to turn there, but in Matthew chapter 10, Jesus told the disciples, I want you to go out and he said, you will heal the sick.
and you will cast out demons, you will raise the dead.
In other words, Jesus actually put on them the ability, the authority and the power to go out and do the same things that Jesus himself had done.
He had instilled in them the power of the Holy Spirit of God in each of those 12, but they were able to go out and to do those types of miracles.
And so when that father brought his son to the disciples, the disciples set back and they thought, man, we've got this.
We can do this because Jesus told us we could.
Like we can cast out this demon, say, probably even looked at it.
Maybe he's like, yeah, this is no big deal.
Like this is not nearly as bad as like raising someone from the dead.
And they tried to heal the kid and they couldn't.
Now the reason, of course, is because I think that what we see and what Jesus taught them is that even in that moment with the abilities that God had granted to them, that they were walking in their own power rather than walking in faith in God.
In this passage, it tells us the disciples approached him privately, said, why couldn't we do it?
If you read the same story over in Mark chapter 9, you would read in that passage where it says these words, Jesus said, well, this kind of thing only comes through prayer and fasting.
In other words, prayer and fasting is really not like a checklist item.
It's not like something you just kind of mark off like that's something we've got to do as it relates to following Christ.
What that really is, it speaks to absolute dependence on God.
It is impossible to walk by faith if you do not have complete and total dependence on God.
We have just walked through the month of January, and during our study of Hebrews, chapter 11, we have been walking through a season of prayer and fasting in our church.
And if you've been here throughout the entire month, you know we've encouraged people all across our church, from children all the way through.
to take this season, this month, these 31 days to actually to pray, certainly, but also to fast in different ways.
We gave you a lot of different models of fasting that you could incorporate into your own journey.
And so we've been fasting.
I've been fasting since January 1.
Today, I'm going to get the best cheeseburger of my life.
I'm excited about lunch today.
which means I'm going to preach a lot quicker today, probably than normal, because I'm thinking about that lunch that's just ahead.
But we've been walking through the season of prayer and fasting.
Why?
Because we know that with all of the big things that God has in store for us individually, but also corporately as the body of Christ, we can't do those things without recognizing and depending completely on the power and the presence of God.
That's why we asked you to pray and fast.
Next month,
In the month of March, we're going to have the opportunity in our church.
I've shared this with you often times in the last five or six weeks where we're going to go out and we're going to knock on every single door within the city of Lynchburg.
Our team, Ian Little and Rod Dempsey and others have worked
feverishly to put this plan together under Matt's Wilmington's leadership and and they've got all this put together and and they've got all of the homes in our community There's about 29,000 homes in our in the city of Lynchburg.
They've broken it all down into groups of 10 and so starting next week We're gonna ask you to put your faith in action and we're gonna ask you To actually sign up for and to take a list of 10 names
of taking that opportunity next week where we're going to kind of step out on faith and we're going to walk by faith and what we're going to do, we're going to knock on every door in the city of Lynchburg.
We're going to deliver a copy of the Word of God.
We've ordered all of these Bibles and we're going to hand them to you're going to take those Bibles.
You're going to deliver it to them and you're just going to let them know, hey, we're praying for you.
We love you, but more importantly, God loves you.
Here's a copy of God's word, and then we're gonna step out.
We're gonna go through all the things on how to do that in the next coming week, in the coming weeks.
But the point is, Mike, we're gonna put our faith in action.
And here's what I would say to you, just as Jesus told the disciples that the impact that they thought they were gonna have when they were trying to heal that little boy, it did not work.
And he said, this kind of thing only comes about through prayer and fasting.
What I would say to you is just simply this,
It is impossible for this church, this local church, to impact our community with the gospel of Jesus Christ in the way that God intends for us to impact this community, except for through prayer and fasting.
And that's why we started this year doing that very thing.
Because we want to see what Isaiah chapter 55 really means when it says that God's word will never return void.
I've been praying this month that God would allow us as a church to have the opportunity to put in a copy of
of the Word of God into every person, every family in our community.
And then literally to sit back and wait to see what God does through His Word.
And you know what's really cool about God?
If God said it, you can count on it.
And so that's what we're gonna do.
And so we're gonna understand the disciples, what they did not understand.
They had that doubt, which is why they could not.
cast that demon out and Jesus corrected them in that moment.
Man, we're going to have the opportunity of like walking in faith in the month of March and seeing what God's going to do through His people.
And so, man, I just want you to continue to be praying about that impact and that reach about what God might have astute, the doubts of the faithful.
that even the disciples who had been with Jesus and they had seen so many great things, like even they questioned the power of God and the presence of God.
And I say that to encourage you because as we all walk through life, there are many times that we have doubts as well.
There are many times where we question if we can do whatever it is that God has called us to do.
And what I would say to you is this, is if you look back and you see that Peter and James and John and all of the great disciples that we read about in scriptures, if they walked in doubt, if they struggled with the same things that we struggle with, man, look how God used them.
And then sit back and wonder how God can use us in our weakness.
If God can use us in our challenges, God can use us in our moments of doubt.
I can't imagine what we have yet still ahead.
We continue going through this passage and we see the first of the doubts of the faithful.
The second part from verse 20 is just the focus of our future.
Like if we're not gonna sit here and walk in doubt, we're gonna walk in faith and we have to recognize then what's the focus for the rest of our lives?
What does the focus of our future look like?
And here Jesus told us in verse 20, he said, because of your little faith, because of your little faith,
And so what he was really saying to that dad and by proxy to all of us is that there are so many times that we miss out on the power of God in our lives because of our little faith.
Because we are trying to do this thing on our own while still claiming to depend completely on God.
And let's be honest, we've all done it.
Like every person in this room, probably most of us certainly would sit back and say, man, I absolutely, I believe in God.
Like I believe God with Him, all things are possible.
Man, we love those verses like I can do all things through Christ, to strengthens me.
Like we love those passages, we love those verses that we memorize from the time that we were little kids.
And then we love them and we count on them and we recite them.
Some of us even have them on, you know, on hangings on our wall or maybe taped to our mirror, those kinds of things, maybe on the background of your phone, on the screen, like we have those things and we walk in those things.
But at the end of the day, when we face some of those greatest hurdles that are yet ahead, we don't walk through those moments of the hurdles.
trusting that that God that we talk about, the verses that we read about, that that God's in control, we try to make it over those hurdles in our own power.
And that's why Jesus said to the disciples, again, the disciples, the 12 disciples because of your little faith.
You see, if we're going to walk by faith and not by sight, we have to remember not just during times of worship on the stage,
not just in times of worship and other settings, not just in times when we sit down in a quiet time and read the word of God, not just in moments where we're reminded of those verses that tell us that we can do all things through Christ who strengthens us, but literally in the most difficult moments of life, we never need to lose sight of the fact that our God is bigger than any of our problems.
That there is absolutely nothing that you will face that God cannot bring you through in victory.
That there is no challenge too big
There's no heartache, too great.
There's no pain, too hurtful.
There's no situation, no moment, no issue, period in our lives that our God not only is able to bring us through in victory, but that our God will not grab ahold of us and walk through those moments with us.
He will never leave us and he will never forsake us.
So what is the picture, the focus of our future?
It's just simply this, man, every single day when you wake up,
You need to remember, and more importantly, to remind yourself that today you are not walking alone, that today you are walking side by side with Creator God, the God who spoke the world into existence.
If you ever sit back and question whether God can bring you through the trial that you're walking through today, man, go back and read Genesis chapter one and Genesis chapter two.
Go back and spend just a little bit of time reading about what God did
in one week.
Now you think about our week, let's be honest, most of us haven't done much this week.
We started this week last Sunday, and by the way, I just, congratulations to Thomas Road Church, we're one of the fastest growing churches in the world, because last Sunday we had 75.
So well done people, I mean this church is exploding, this is awesome.
We started the week last Sunday where this snow, when the ice were falling,
And then by the end of the day on Sunday, man, we all looked outside and we happened to venture out and kind of stepped onto the snow and realized that the snow wasn't snow at all.
What we had learned is that ice and concrete are very similar.
This morning I took my dogs outside.
And it's been a blast watching them this week, like walking and just sliding all around the yard.
I walked out with them and I went out into the yard, you know, the sun shining and went out into the yard.
And I just like started stomping on the grass, which was like five inches below my feet on the ice.
And like, it will not budge.
This stuff is hard as a rock.
It's incredible.
I've never seen anything like it.
And so this week, like Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, like, man, most things were closed.
Schools were closed.
A lot of businesses were closed.
McDonald's even closed.
It's been a rough week.
We sit back and we look at this week.
Let's be honest, we haven't done a whole lot this week, but let's look at what God did in literally six days where he spoke the world into existence and boom, it's there.
When he hung the sun, the moon, the stars and the sky,
And now thousands of years later, guess what?
They haven't moved.
He created the mountains and the oceans.
He created the land in which we walk and every single animal he's spoken to existence.
And then he created you and me.
And he did all of that in the same amount of time that this week we basically did nothing.
Pretty cool.
That's the God who every day when you wake up is the God who is waiting to hear from you.
That's the God who wants every Monday morning to get to know you better, even though he knows you.
More than you know yourself, he wants to develop a relationship with you.
And even though he knows you fully, boy, he still wants to have a conversation.
He still wants to have that opportunity of growing
in that relationship he wants to hear from us.
I'm not saying anything heretical here that the God wants to get to know us because he doesn't know us.
He does know us, but man, he wants us to get to know him.
That's the God that we serve.
So the focus of our future should be simply this is every single day that God is our God and he's our constant companion.
And that's how we walk by faith and not by sight.
Final point today.
Do recognize and understand, yeah, we gotta get over the doubts of the faithful.
Yes, we've gotta figure out the focus of our future.
But then finally, we also need to recognize this, that faith that God wants us to walk in, it changes everything.
It changes everything.
So look what it says again here in verse 20, the second part of that verse.
For truly I tell you, Jesus says, if you have faith the size of a mustard seed, you will tell this mountain move from here to there.
And it will move."
I would underline that in my Bible if I were you.
And it will move, not might move, not could move, not if you're lucky will move.
No, it will move.
Nothing will be impossible for you.
You see, that's the kind of faith that God wants us to walk in.
That's what God wants us to experience every single day of our lives and all the challenges and all the problems and all the heartaches and all the issues and all the wonderings and all the uncertainties and all the feelings of insecurity in our own lives.
When we sit back and we think like, man, I don't know how I'm going to do this.
What God wants us to know is when we're honest with ourselves and admit to ourselves, I don't know what to do that the next words of our mouth, but I know who does, that we just simply trust in God.
You see, when we can get to that place in our lives, we get to that place in our journeys, when we're walking alongside of Him in that relationship, I'm telling you, it changes everything.
If you've ever had the opportunity of seeing a mustard seed, it's tiny, it's almost microscopic.
And that's why Jesus used that very reference in this passage, because He wanted people to recognize and understand that the smallest little bit of faith
can quite literally move the mountains.
Now listen, let's be clear.
If for some of you here that maybe are students at Liberty and you've got a big paper that's due this week or maybe a test and exam that you've got to take, I'm not telling you, you can go out and have like the faith, the size of a mustard seed and pray God, take this mountain away.
Just move it out of here.
So I don't have to take that.
I'm not saying, like the mountain's not literally gonna move.
Jesus was using this reference, this incredible illustration to tell us that there's nothing that you will face in your life that God will not bring you through.
If you simply just have that faith.
And I think the importance of this passage of Matthew 17, it helps us to remind us this, is that a lot of times what we do is we sit back and we think that we've gotta have the faith of a mountain to move the mustard seed.
We get it confused.
We get it turned upside down.
We sit here and we face like the smallest of problems.
And we think, man, I haven't really spent time in the Word this week.
I've not been really doing the things that I should have done.
God's certainly not going to answer in my prayer.
He's certainly not going to help me.
See, we get this mixed up.
And what I would tell you is this is exactly what Satan wants you to do.
What Satan wants you to do is to believe that you've got to have this big monumental, you know, Billy Graham type faith in order to walk through the challenges of your life.
And here, the God of the universe said this, oh no, that's not true.
What you need is the faith, the size of a mustard seed.
And then all of your doubts and all of your pains.
And even when you're like the disciples who had little faith, like even then, I will be with you and nothing.
will be too hard for you.
Isn't that encouraging?
Like, doesn't that lift your spirits?
But you see, it all comes down to the simple fact that we have to trust Him completely.
We've got to have that kind of faith.
I read this quote this week, and I want to end with this.
A quote that said this, Martin Mancer said, when the wheels of a clock move within, the hands on the dial will move without.
When the heart of a man is sound in his conversion, in other words, is confident in his faith, that his life will be faith in profession.
Or in other words, it will be moving as God intended.
That's a great quote, a great picture.
On my hand today, on my wrist today, I've got this watch.
I love this watch.
This watch is a 1966 Omega Seamaster.
And it was given to me as a gift.
In fact, Kevin Foster and Pam Foster, who are seated right there, which they're hating me right now that I'm saying this.
But Kevin and I were born three weeks apart.
We went through school together.
We've been friends for literally 50, almost 50 years now.
And a few years, oh, Betty, what a year and a half ago, two years ago, he gave me this watch.
So same year I was born.
So this watch is as old as me.
And it's in far better shape.
But what I know about this watch is even though it's as old as I am, 59 years old, I know that there's a movement inside of this watch that for 59 years has continued to do what it's supposed to do.
It's moved the right way, it continues to move in the right direction and because of what's happening on the inside, things that I don't understand of how it works, it continues to move and it just keeps on going.
And because of what's happening on the inside, the hands on the outside continue to keep really good time.
It continues to make sure that we stay on schedule and make sure that I know exactly what time it is and I'm able to see the things that I need to see.
You see, that's the picture of what this quote really says.
What that quote really says is just simply this.
When you get things right on the inside, everything on the outside is just going to work.
What does that mean for us today?
It means make sure that you get things right on the inside, in your faith, walking by faith and not by sight.
And as a result, God will make sure everything on the outside just keeps going.
Father, today, we thank you for who you are.
We thank you for your power.
We thank you for your presence.
We thank you that nothing is too difficult for us, not because of us, but because of you.
And God for that, we give you the praise.
with our heads bowed, with our eyes closed.
Today we're going to have this opportunity of gathering together in this moment for a time of invitation.
And as we do, this altar is open for those of you at home, you can certainly kneel right where you are and seek the face of God.
You don't need this altar to be able to do that.
And I'm going to encourage you on a couple different levels today.
Number one,
is for those of you who are here today and you know, if you're honest with yourselves, but you've been walking in doubts more than you've been walking in faith, maybe today what you need to do is maybe you need to come down to this altar in a moment and kneel here that you just need to simply get here and just say, God, give me the faith to trust you.
God, help my unbelief.
Maybe that's what you need to do.
Maybe you need to have the kind of faith that caused thousands of people to come down and to write their requests or prayer requests on these cards.
There are cards here that if you have a need, if you have something where you need God to show up and do the impossible, like those cards are here, you can make your way down and write a request and leave it here.
And we pray over these cards every week.
Maybe you want to come down and talk with one of our team members that are gathered here.
Because you're sitting here today saying, man, I wanna walk by faith, but I gotta be honest with you, I don't really know Christ the way that I should.
I don't really have that kind of relationship that I need to have.
Maybe you need to come down and talk with one of these team members and just say, listen, I wanna meet Christ today.
I wanna meet Him.
I wanna experience that presence that the pastor talked about today, of having Christ in my life.
Our team is here.
We'd love to lead you to Christ today.
Whatever your need is, you want to comfort baptism, to join our church family.
Whatever it is, I would encourage you, like, man, take a step of faith.
Walking in faith to do what God has called you to do.
So again, in a moment, we're going to stand, our team's going to lead.
And as they do, the altar's open.
Again, if you need to come and to pray for faith, man, I encourage you to do that.
You need to come to the request, come to do that.
Whatever your need is, let's stand together.
Charles is going to lead us this morning, the altar's open.
Step out in faith right now.
Today, we sit here having walked through lots of different experiences, thousands of different roads and paths that we've traveled.
So many different situations that are represented in this room, God, where we just simply need you.
Lord, we need you to show up and to do like what you did for that young man all of those years ago in Matthew chapter 17.
And we just need to show up and bring
restoration and bring healing.
So God, just as that dad brought his son to Jesus, God, we bring our issues to you.
We sit back and recognize God.
We can't do it on our own.
We're tired of walking in doubt.
We're tired of trying to figure it out all by ourselves.
God said, help us today to stand in faith.
Lord for
for each and every one of us, help to recognize God as the days go by, Lord draw us closer to you.
Hebrews 11-6 tells us that without faith it is impossible to please God.
And for those of us who know you, God, that we must believe that you are exactly who your word says you are.
And that we diligently seek you day in and day out, God, help that to be the focus of our future.
so that we can experience God, that kind of faith that moves the mountains in our lives.
Lord, help us to be that person in our journey.
And God, help us to always remember.
It's not about us.
It's all about you.
It's because of who you are, not what we've done.
And God, for that, we give you the praise.
Lord as we leave this place in a few moments, God helps to walk out of here, walking in faith, recognizing and knowing that God of the universe is right by our side.
In Jesus' name we pray.
Amen.
And before you move, before you do anything.
I mentioned it a few moments ago during the sermon, I wanna remind you here next week, starting next week.
We're gonna be asking
Every person that's part of our church, to make the commitment that in the month of March, we're gonna saturate this city with the Word of God.
So next Sunday, we're beginning the process of having you be able to sign up for that effort in March.
Now listen, I wanna make, I just wanna make it bring down the numbers here so you can really kind of see what we're doing.
29,000 households in the city of Lynchburg.
That means that for us, we have 2,900
groups of houses of 10 each that we're gonna hit, that we're gonna go and knock on doors.
That's what we're asking you to do.
Now we have far more than 2,900 people in our church.
We have far more than 2,900 families in our church.
And so I'm asking for like all of you to pray about this.
And so whether husbands and wives go together or individuals go with other individuals, maybe from a life group or from some other, you know, connection that you have, like we're asking everybody to be involved in this.
We're going to show you how to do it.
We're going to make it very clear.
It's not going to be like a big ask.
We're not going to make you do a lot of work.
It literally is like knocking on ten doors and to simply deliver to them what God delivered to us, His Word.
That's what it is.
So next Sunday, we're going to be doing this.
I want you to be praying this week about what that looks like and how God might use you and to be praying for.
Those 10 households that you don't even know what their address is yet, that you even pray in advance that God would already begin to do a work in their lives.
Here's what I'm praying for.
I'm praying for revival to break out of the city of Lynchburg because of his word.
Not because of his church.
Make sure I want to give, not because of his church, but because of his word.
His word will not return void.
And so I'm praying that God would do that in this city.
And I promise you, if God does that in this city, I promise you there will be reverberations around the world.
And we can see revival that can start right here.
And it can truly change our world.
That's what I'm praying for.
That's what I want you to pray for.
And let's see what God does.
So that starts next week.
God bless you guys.
Have a great week.